Documentation edits (#1996)
ansys/pydpf-core: doc/source/getting_started/install.rst

   pip install ansys-dpf-core

PyDPF-Core plotting capabilities require you to have `PyVista <https://pyvista.org/>`_ installed.

> To install PyDPF-Core with its optional plotting functionalities, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install PyDPF-Core with its optional plotting functionalities, run this command:
```

   pip install --no-index --find-links=. ansys-dpf-core

Note that PyDPF-Core wheelhouses do not include the optional plotting dependencies.
To use the plotting capabilities, also download the wheels corresponding to your platform and Python interpreter version
for `PyVista <https://pypi.org/project/pyvista/#files>`_ and 

> `matplotlib <https://pypi.org/project/matplotlib/#files>`_, then place them in the same previous local directory and run the command above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`matplotlib <https://pypi.org/project/matplotlib/#files>`_. Then, place them in the same local directory and run the preceding command.
```
Google dev style guidelines say to avoid location indicators like above and below.
